When I called yesterday,
I could tell you’d lost your way.
Be assured you are loved
By our God up above.
So do not fear.
When you’re broken, he is near.
Trust in Jehovah; don’t give in.
Just let it go; roll it on him.
You’re not alone; you can pray.
He hears your words; he feels your pain.
Don’t keep that burden in.
Roll it on him.
Raise your eyes up and see;
The new world is in our reach—
No more tears, only love
Through the gift of God’s dear Son.
But until then,
We can endure down to the end
If we trust in Jehovah; don’t give in.
Just let it go; roll it on him.
We’re not alone; we can pray.
He hears our words; he feels our pain.
Don’t keep that burden in.
Roll it on him.
Trust in Jehovah; don’t give in.
Just let it go; roll it on him.
We’re not alone; we can pray.
He hears our words; he feels our pain.
Don’t keep that burden in.
Roll it on him.